# NER classification

Brief description or introduction to your project.

## Table of Contents

- [Directory Structure](#directory-structure)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Models](#models)
- [Notebooks](#notebooks)
- [Source Code](#source-code)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Directory Structure

The project directory is organized as follows:

- `Makefile`: Contains Makefile commands for project setup and data retrieval.
- `models/`: Directory where pre-trained models are stored.
  - `BiLSTM.h5`: A pre-trained BiLSTM model.
- `notebooks/`: Jupyter notebooks for exploring and using the project.
  - `01_BiLSTM_model.ipynb`: A Jupyter notebook with a BiLSTM model.
- `poetry.lock`: Lock file generated by Poetry for package management.
- `pyproject.toml`: Poetry configuration file for managing project dependencies.
- `README.md`: This file providing an overview of the project.
- `src/`: Source code directory containing project code.
  - `crflayer.py`: Code for the CRF layer.
  - `get_data.sh`: Script for getting data (note that there is a typo in the Makefile command).
  - `__init__.py`: Python package initializer.
  - `nermodel.py`: Code related to NER model implementation.

## Getting Started

Create env using poetry and set-up

```shell
make init 
```
Download the data and save inside a data folder
``` shell
make get_data
```

# Usage

This project can be used to study NER (Named Entity Recognition) using TensorFlow

# Models

Inside a models folder, the BiLSTM model will be saved for future deployments or inferecens.




